When did you start to have doubts?
Your subordinates betrayed you.
Since Wang Momo and I started investigating,
I did indeed find
that you seemed normal and unremarkable.
You are approachable and friendly.
Even the released palace maids speak highly of you.
But I noticed that you go to the Imperial Garden every week
to pick balsam flowers.
Quickly, quickly, quickly!
What are they picking flowers for?
Should we go and see what they're doing?
Your Majesty, shall we go over and check?
What’s strange is,
you only pick balsam flowers.
Balsam flowers are mainly used for dyeing.
I only realized that since you entered the palace,
you’ve never shown your own makeup.
Although I don’t know how you used the makeup
to frame the Empress Dowager,
perhaps you were just fishing for a big catch?
Su Qingyu.
The Emperor has given the Empress Dowager medicine to relieve her symptoms,
so she’s sometimes clear-headed and sometimes confused.
You can’t control the Empress Dowager.
There will certainly be bigger moves.
You’ve always been the one causing trouble.
My real target was never you.
After all, there’s no substantial evidence.
I’ve always suspected someone else.
Yet you deliberately walked into the line of fire.
Your Majesty, I have a new discovery.
What discovery?
Just now, our people reported
that Consort De took two maidservants into the Cold Palace.
When she came out, there was an extra person.
A palace maid disguised as a maidservant was taken out of the Cold Palace by Consort De.
A palace maid?
Wasn’t she already mad?
The guards said that for some reason,
the palace maid was normal when she came out.
To be able to
restore a mad person to sanity so quickly
is probably not as simple as poisoning.
It must be some secret technique.
If it weren’t for you, I would have killed you.
When you let Gong Fei go,
I knew it was for this purpose.
How could I let her kill me?
Don’t harm the Empress Dowager anymore.
If Consort Rong is harmed in any way today,
I will tear you apart!